---
layout: default
title: Transparency 004 
parent: 🧾 Aquarium 
nav_order: 3
---

# Transparency Report 004

We want to keep going with our aquarium transparency reports in an effort to provide full transparency for the actions of OctoFi. 

Since the token deployment, we are providing the following comprehensive details on token holdings and use of tokens to date. We will also provide transparency reports on a monthly basis going forward.

Nothing has changed regarding our recap in [Transparency Report 003](/docs/aquarium/t003/) but we improved the overall transparency and trust with a lock of the project reserve and Uniswap liquidity \#WarOnRugs, after a successful community vote on [OIP-9 (Lock Project Reserve)](https://snapshot.page/#/octofi/proposal/QmS5eSLxrPa8XjihaPwYLXvy8BGBf7UrbXsK2UujdrrUrL).

**We have executed the following steps:**

1. [Buy 1 ETH for 366 USDC](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x96cd3d32ae1e546fdf67e1520ebfed10012d03a6ffc1a8a1a81594b31f12c8cb) (Pay for gas)  
2. [Locked 200000 OCTO for 1 year](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x8f68ec1d2a52e331236d3aa84a8e9fac1286863014ca314d89e14c5beb5a58f1) until 18.10.2021 12pm UTC
	2. [3rd Party audit proof and 100% smart contract based solution](https://team.finance/view-coin/0x7240aC91f01233BaAf8b064248E80feaA5912BA3?name=Octo.fi&symbol=OCTO)
3. [Streamed 25000 OCTO over 6 months](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xa2ad62c6a4a05d48327fdf53167be7684d83fd296f28daff2e4354703ebd928e) back into the project reserve
	3. [Real-time funds streaming dashboard](https://app.sablier.finance/stream/867)
4. [Locking of Uniswap liquidity USDC / OCTO](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x9c8c2b731982bf50f3e3392c67feb836c7a1cc5a358da0c43680bcbebecde0ca) for 1 year until 18.10.2021 12pm UTC
	4. [OIP-4 adding of Uniswap liquidity](https://snapshot.page/#/octofi/proposal/QmUTqc1mXiVkZ4xTnJCBK3ExNHwQkxCZGrkx5D9EA83iBZ)
5. [Locking of Uniswap liquidity ETH / OCTO](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x55dff4582036ca59af465bbceeac6663a70ce5dea31f94ea4d335456d62632a7) for 1 year until 18.10.2021 12pm UTC
	5. [OIP-5 Adding of Uniswap liquidity](https://snapshot.page/#/octofi/proposal/QmRGRQVzWDRcLq32hL6n41n8UJqJu7w1DS5H6wuH1duPnh)
6. [$2500 USD paid with 295 OCTO](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xbf4d8905f9b7e7f3310bbc68abf7dc6c639576d8aec97177bae394476d832c65) from project funds
	6. [OIP-8 Coin Report from Nik Patel](https://snapshot.page/#/octofi/proposal/QmQZepxr99SYbKypx1azdEQkYNegmTPa5gPL7hzNRUoD1V)

You will notice that there is still one big holding of 199314 OCTO which belongs to the community as well in address  [0xb51d...35c0](https://etherscan.io/address/0xb51d93791e19d8cf1fdf1851aa97e7695a9135c0).

This is allocated to yield contract split evenly between runtime payouts and airdrop rewards [as explained in Interest Program details here](/docs/aquafarm/interest-program/). 

We will use the OCTO for our incentive program coming up as part of Octobase and the community will decide through another OIP.

Community governance is a major focus for the OctoFi project and as such we will be encouraging proposals and voting.

We are here to stay.

Warm regards, 

Dr. Octavius

*DISCLAIMER*

*This transparency report does not constitute nor imply a prospectus of any sort. No wording contained herein should be construed as a solicitation for investment. Accordingly, this transparency report does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction worldwide whatsoever. Rather, this transparency report constitutes a description of the development and distribution of OCTO. Do not trade or invest in any tokens, companies or entities based solely upon this information. Any investment involves substantial risks, including, but not limited to, pricing volatility, inadequate liquidity, and the potential complete loss of principal. Investors should conduct independent due diligence, with assistance from professional financial, legal and tax experts, on topics discussed in this document and develop a stand-alone judgment of the relevant markets prior to making any investment decision.*

*This document does not constitute nor imply a final technical specification of OCTO. Information presented in this transparency report, technical or otherwise, is meant to outline general ideas, designs and use-cases and is subject to change with or without notice. For the latest up-to-date technical specifications, check out the updates and documentations on the official website www.octo.fi. The graphs, charts and other visual aids are provided for informational purposes only. None of these graphs, charts or visual aids can and of themselves be used to make investment decisions. No representation is made that these will assist any person in making investment decisions and no graph, chart or other visual aid can capture all factors and variables required in making such decisions.*

*While this transparency report was compiled with the greatest care possible, it cannot be guaranteed that all information is complete or accurate. The information contained in this document may include, or incorporate by reference, forward-looking statements, which would include any statements that are not statements of historical fact. No representations or warranties are made as to the accuracy of such forward-looking statements. Any projections, forecasts and estimates contained in this document are necessarily speculative in nature and are based upon certain assumptions. These forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong and can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, most of which are beyond control. It can be expected that some or all of such forward-looking assumptions will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. For any questions on a specific subject covered in this document, please contact us on [hello@octo.fi](mailto:hello@octo.fi)*
